## Upgrade guide from v3.1.0 to v4.0.0
This document is a guide to upgrade terraform-aws-tvlk-bastion IAC from v3.1.0 to v4.0.0.
To see what's new on v4.0.0 see [Changelog](../CHANGELOG.md)

:warning: In this step-by-step, we will need to destroy old bastion (ASG and Launch Config) this is because, after upgrading to v4.0.0, some provider configuration is removed, and will need to add it manually later. To avoid this step, we can just destroy resources that depends on the provider.
## Step-by-step
1. Go to your bastion IAC directory.
2. Ensure the state of IAC match the reality, you can run `teraform init` `terraform refresh` and `terraform plan` to see if there is any drifting config or state.
3. List existing terraform state by running `terraform state list`, and choose all terraform state containing this suffix:
   1. `*.module.aws-autoscaling_bastion_asg.aws_autoscaling_group.main`
   2. `*.module.aws-autoscaling_bastion_asg.aws_launch_configuration.main`
   3. `*.module.aws-autoscaling_bastion_asg.module.random_lc.random_id.this`
4. Destroy these three resources using the following command:
   1. `terraform destroy -target=*.module.aws-autoscaling_bastion_asg.aws_autoscaling_group.main -target=*.module.aws-autoscaling_bastion_asg.aws_launch_configuration.main -target=*.module.aws-autoscaling_bastion_asg.module.random_lc.random_id.this`
5. Update your bastion IAC code to use v0.4.0, and adjust other variable to meet your requirement.
6. Run `terraform init` to download the terraform module dependency
7. Run `terraform plan`, the expected result of this command should have add AutoScalingGroup, Launch Template and its metadata resources.
8. Run `terraform apply` to apply this new configuration. Congratulations.